I would say whatever you know should be immediately transferred to your
family. Um, you might be going to another place and your kids might
be going to another school. It's good to let them know so that they
can start making their goodbyes to their friends. Um, if you're unsure
of where you're going to be going, then it's just a heads up. If
you're sure of where you're going to be going, then that's the sooner
you You know, that, um, the better it is to start writing the documents
to start changing jobs, uh, to start getting in contact with
the people that you will be meeting with once you're there. So it could
be a nice, smooth transition.